younger sister
The consort also held an auction
It also gathered the rich people in the imperial city
What on earth is he up to?
I don't know what he's up to.
Anyway, the last few days have been mysterious
Can't see anyone else
The purpose of today's auction is to raise money for the court
You can see the lot.
Wow
Such a beautiful color.
Why has this fairy never seen such a peculiar color?
It's beautiful.
What is this?
Why does this cloth have such a magical color?
well known
Beijing war every year
Leaving the treasury empty
Who donated the most nutrition today?
Whoever gets the lot
One thousand taels of army
This is the best
Haishi Kejian
I'll pay the thousand taels.
Don't rob me
I'll take this cloth.
Eight thousand taels
10,000 taels